Our project here managed by workbox is taking shape, now I'm missing the code to handle background
synchronization and push messages.
That's going to be easy though.
We can just grab the service worker, the old one and now let's grab all the code regarding background synchronization
and push messages because there's no fitting workbox implementation for that right now, probably coming
up too
but for now, we can just use our default code and we can add this after workbox precache of course.
Now that also holds an important lesson,
you can still write your own code here,
it's a valid service worker file,
definitely keep that in mind
and that's why this will still work,
it's a normal service worker.
You only can take advantage of workbox to make that whole caching thing, with cache management and dynamic
caching easier,
in the end, it's just a service worker file.
So with this added, let's rerun generate-sw and with that executed, let's reload our application one
more time,
let's now go to our realtime database and clear any subscriptions because we invalidated the old ones
and I want to start fresh
and now I will reload this page one more time.
First of all, enable notifications,
I still had the permission granted but I need it to set up a new subscription which is now stored here
and now let's try the full program again.
I'll really go offline by turning off my Wi-Fi
and I'll reload the page first of all
and I did this too early,
good catch,
we need to reload this one more time of course after initializing the new service worker to have a
chance for dynamic caching to work.
Now I can turn off my internet connection and reload the page,
you see it's working. Now
I want to take a picture
and try this using workbox from Munich,
hit post, save
for syncing
and let's now go back online
and it's syncing that as you see.
I also got the push notification which I can click to open the whole page,
so that's also still working. In the database,
we see this new post was added, from Munich, try this using workbox.
If I reload the page, we see it here too.
So the whole application is working fine but now using workbox combined with our own service worker.
This also means we can get rid of all of our old service worker here, the sw.js file and I only use the new
one
where this is our own code,
this is the automatically generated one,
this is the helper script workbox needs
and this is our command to generate the updated service worker.
You need to run this whenever you change any of your normal files or of course if you change the service
worker itself, your base file. Then you need to rerun this to make sure for it either to update the file
manifest
if you changed one of your other files so that it updates the precaching array or if you changed your own
base of course to take that into account in the generated service worker.
Now with that, let's see what else we can do in this project.